oh hey what's up guys this is Dan here
thumbs up for new lights new background
new haircut so it's literally 30 degrees
outside today so don't mind me I will
just keep doing this every 10 seconds
cuz it's hot the slide doesn't help it
so today I want to show you guys how to
record the screen off your iPhone iPod
iPod whatever I want to say thanks to
Jack Attack who comes down my video last
week there it is right there I suggested
a great app called err server which is
basically an airplay receiver for Mac OS
10 and Windows now air server is a paid
app although there is a free trial but
having tested it it really is worth the
small price and if you're up for
recording your screen properly it's the
only way to do it I'll give you guys the
links below this is 7 day free trial as
I said if you like it go ahead and buy
it it's not too expensive support the
developers so I have an iPhone 5 here I
can't show you guys right now cause it's
my camera but let's go and record the
screen so first off you need to make
sure your iOS device is connected to the
same network as your computer is so you
can stream your screen to it your device
also needs to support airplay mirroring
in order for this to work check the
description below for a list of
supported devices once you've taken care
of that head to airserver comm and on
the download page choose either the Mac
or Windows version then either download
the 7-day trial or buy the app in full
either way you'll receive an activation
code keep this safe your user to
activate your copies of airserver in the
future so before we get into recording
our screen let's test out airplay to
make sure everything works smoothly
firstly open the airserver app on your
computer the first time you open it
you'll be asked for an activation code
but from then on you'll access all your
settings through this little icon in the
Mac menu bar or this icon in the windows
tray on windows you may have to install
a DirectX update air server will bring
you to the download page click download
and then continue double click the
install file and extract everything into
a folder on your desktop double click
the extracted installer to complete the
installation then restart the air server
installer you can access settings from
that little icon in your menu bar or
system tray the default settings should
be fine for most people but you may want
to change the password setting the audio
buffer size and the optimized for
setting make sure to keep the app
running and on your iOS device
double click home scroll twice to the
left
and you should see an airplay button
next to the volume control choose your
computer and select mirroring and based
on your password setting you may have to
grant access this device from your
computer if all goes well the air server
window should open to reveal your screen
in real time you can play around with
some post-processing settings if you
like but I prefer to turn them all off
when you're finished you can close the
connection by choosing the first option
in the air playlist on your device now
when it comes to recording your screen
unfortunately air server doesn't come
with a record function but since the app
opens in full screen you can really use
any screen recording software to record
while air servers open a Mac os10 I like
to use ScreenFlow it's by far the best
screen recorder for the platform
although it is a $99 application if you
can't afford it there's plenty of other
cheaper and free solutions too including
the new version of QuickTime which comes
installed on every Mac for Windows I
like to use Camtasia Studio which again
is a paid app bought like ScreenFlow is
the best for the platform and performs a
lot better than other apps once you have
your clip recorded you can do pretty
much whatever you want with us I like to
stick it behind this iPhone template I
made up some my recording actually looks
like it's on an iPhone but of course
what you deal with the recordings is
entirely up to you so that's how to
record the screen off your iDevice make
sure to check the description below for
a list of devices that support airplay
mirroring because that is required I'll
be back next Saturday with a brand new
video that's right I finally get much
together
I'll see you guys soon so as you can see
I am NOT on holiday and I do not have a
tourist attraction to photograph so as
you can see my camera is on a tripod
this is very important you need to have
your camera on tripod or Photoshop to
work so I'm gonna take my 10 pictures I
get my brother to help me and we'll see
how they turned out efforts